Operating System is the soul of the computer system, there are 4 ways to install Operating System, they are:-
1)Bare Metal
2)Virtualization
3)

Today, let's dive into some fundamental commands that every Linux user should be familiar with:

echo: Displays text on the console.

echo "Hello, World!"
clear: Clears the terminal screen.

clear
man: Displays the manual page for a command.

man ls
pwd: Displays the current working directory.

pwd
jobs: Displays a list of background jobs currently running.

jobs
fg: Brings a background job to the foreground.

fg %1 (Brings job 1 to the foreground)
ps: Provides a snapshot of the currently running processes on your system.

ps aux (Shows all processes)
ps -ef | grep 'process_name' (Find processes related to a specific name)
kill: Allows you to terminate running processes.

kill <process_id> (Sends a signal to the process)
kill -9 <process_id> (Forcefully terminates the process)
Important Signals:
kill -9: Forceful termination (SIGKILL)
kill -15: Normal termination (SIGTERM) - Default signal for kill
kill -2: Interrupt (SIGINT) - Often generated by Ctrl+C
kill -18: Continue (SIGCONT) - Resumes a stopped process
kill -19: Stop (SIGSTOP) - Stops a process
top: Displays real-time system and process activity.

top (Displays CPU, memory, and process usage in real-time)
grep: Searches for patterns within text files.

grep 'keyword' filename (Find lines containing the keyword in the file)
find: Searches for files and directories within a specified path.

find /path/to/directory -name 'filename' (Find files with a specific name)
ls: Lists files and directories in the current directory.

ls -l (Lists files with detailed information)
ls -a (Lists all files, including hidden files)
cd: Changes the current working directory.

cd /path/to/directory (Change to a specific directory)
cd .. (Change to the parent directory)
mkdir: Creates new directories.

mkdir new_directory (Create a new directory)
rm: Removes files and directories.

rm filename (Remove a file)
rm -r directory_name (Recursively remove a directory and its contents)
date: Displays the current date and time.

date
Why are these commands important?

Enhanced Productivity: These commands empower you to efficiently manage system resources, identify and troubleshoot issues, and streamline your workflow.
System Administration: For system administrators, these commands are indispensable for monitoring system performance, identifying resource bottlenecks, and ensuring system stability.
Troubleshooting: When encountering problems with applications or the system itself, these commands provide valuable insights into the underlying processes and help you pinpoint the root cause.
